he got lost
olé Manuel Muñoz Well family I
'll tell you later but I've had a bit of a
shitty day because the truth is
everything has gone a bit wrong for me let's move on to something else come on
I'd like to tell you things Yesterday
when I saw this live from Diego I said
Look I don't believe that Diego
got another exclusive from us Because the other day
Diego did a live for an
exclusive and I say this with all affection eh It
's not an attack on Diego or anything like that
eh with what Marta risked they had
offered him for survivor that
I already said and I refer to the evidence
let's say
the date but I don't remember what
video it was because I upload so many videos you
told me and I think the twenties of
November not a live with Pepa and with
Paco de Narváez but the title is going to
be more complicated When I talk about
things I like to talk about them with evidence
you know look here I have it look but if it
even says it in the thumbnail Look 50,000
euros a week it even says it in the
thumbnail Look it's here I'm going to drop
a bomb they confirmed it to me this
afternoon minutes before  start the
live
María puentes reliable people close to
mediaset have offered
survivors with an amount that
could be around 50,000 euros
per week Pepa
has done something very ugly to Miss Marta irrigation I don't know if she did it
on purpose I want to think about it she did it
unintentionally I don't know what
you all think but Diego arrabales
did something very ugly the other day which
was to say that he had an exclusive on
Martha risk in survivor and he
had already told her a month ago you know I
always like to mention the Source even if it
's people I don't get along with or
whatever I always like to give the
source but anyway this is how it works
there are some of us who work one
way and others who work another okay
but yesterday I saw this live I
realized this morning
exclusive the reason for the breakup between
Rocío Flores and Olga Moreno I thought that she had
done it again why
Because I did tell you and also
confirmed the reasons at the moment
in which Rocío Flores and Olga fight
that moment is that it is
confirmed or rather the one who did not
understand it  there he is but it is absolutely
confirmed why Because Olgami
after that exclusive video the argument
between Rocío Flores and Olga Moreno here I will
tell you the argument we hear Okay I have to
tell you something I have to
tell you something completely
exclusive and I want you to get comfortable
Because surely what I am going to
tell you now is going to be talked about a lot
throughout the week okay this has been
the result of what I am going to tell you now is the
result of putting together information that has been
reaching me from one place or another,
various people okay, I mean from
various people, various sources, even
some I think unintentionally,
unintentionally, without bad intentions of
course, not like someone who talks to their
neighbor and the baker No, well, she has
told me things and suddenly managed to make
everything fit, I mean, but everything fits
perfectly okay this is
completely exclusive information that they are not going to
give you on television, that no paparazzi is going to give us
because everyone
has kept their mouths shut and I am going to give it to you
in great detail okay And this fits I am
telling you that you already know that  I really like
innovators and that I'm not beating around the
bush And that when I say
something it's because things are like that okay or
literally they are like that I have before
you the reason for the fight between Rocío
Flores and Olga Moreno but it's also because I
danced with the fight that Marta
Riesgo had and because she was so heated that
week on Twitter and why she was
posting things that on some occasions we
said Well but why why is she
posting things to Olga no pay attention because this is
the sailor okay It turns out that there's a
wedding that I've been hearing about okay there's
a wedding of a friend of Olga okay who is
known by many people I think she was
also invited to that wedding I think
Kiko Matamoros was also
invited to the wedding but it wasn't there's a
wedding a certain Susana okay that
precisely Yesterday afternoon I had a
photo with Olga Moreno And it seems that
this girl well friends of Agustín okay
This person is a very good friend of Agustín
Olga Moreno is invited to that
wedding and Antonio David is also invited what
happens Olga Moreno
doesn't have  couple at that time and
Antonio David is already with Marta, I risk it
seems that Olga Moreno wouldn't like this very much,
according to what I've been able to piece
this together, no, this is not 100% but let's go,
this is like pitch black and white, let's
see, I can't prove it, but it's
like pitch black and white, like two
plus two make four, okay, apparently
Olga didn't feel like
meeting Marta at that wedding, okay,
Rocío Flores was going to this wedding, David Flores,
Antonio David with Marta would have gone and
Olga Well, she would have gone and Agustín would have gone
but on the other hand, this here, after
this video, Olga called me to
deny two things, Olga Moreno
According to me, she didn't veto anyone at
that wedding, okay, because here what they
told me, what I got was that Olga would have
asked that Marta not go to the wedding, Olga
denies it, I haven't vetoed anyone, she
told me about any wedding, and then there's
something else later on that she says, it was
like certain Twitter users had
information about Olga's environment and that's why
Marta was like that, okay  And Olga
tells me what other people say
about me on Twitter, she doesn't have a
[ __ ] clue about my life, so what
other people say on Twitter has
nothing to do with me, but nevertheless,
Olga doesn't deny this and here comes
the meat here comes the meat, whether she was
part of the whole Marta fight Antonio
David is not going to the wedding,
Olga's sister gets Marta to poke her, not
in a way that she gets annoyed Marta on social media,
no Marta gets into the controversy and at the
time of the wedding that nobody knows
Nobody knows Olga's relationship with
Agustín but many rumor about it I want, I want you to
remember people like
Evelyn who called her on the phone from
Sálvame and she said, man, based on what I've
seen, I think so. Marta López from
Big Brother, man, from the things I
know, from the things I've seen, yes, no,
Rocío Flores, this is true, I
can't prove it, but this is more or less what
I've made sense of, okay, this is like this, okay. It's that this is how I'm getting married
because this is how it is, okay.
Rocío Flores  I would ask Olga
and Agustín if they were together at any
point in their relationship, I don't know if it was before
the wedding, at the wedding or whatever, but at
the wedding you can see that when you're having a
good time and you're comfortable with friends,
then the feelings, like, can't be
hidden. I mean, you can see that the
feelings are seen here, we can
interpret it in many ways. Okay, let's
see. I don't think they were making out
there in front of everyone, of
course. Well, I hope not. Yes, there are
a lot of people who were at that wedding who
have come out afterward confirming that based on
the attitude the two of them had there, it was
more than obvious that they were a
couple, but I don't think there was any
flirting. I think it would be flirting,
honestly. I think they would be flirting, they would
grant it would be visible or they would
choose to hold hands. The flirting is okay.
Rocío Flores would approach the two of them and
say this, seen by someone at the wedding,
an argument there, okay. Carlos, what
seems right to me about this argument is more
than obvious. Rocío Flores goes to the
two of them and says. But well, what is that?
What are you doing here at the
wedding? They broke up. But this  What the [ __ ] is no, I
mean this What the [ __ ] is what you're
doing here literally that's what
happened for sure because there were people who
told me and it's not one person it's that
at least four people who
were at the wedding told me okay they
wrote to me privately and they said Javi They
went to a corner Rocío took it out I don't
know a deal each one tells me a
little with different nuances but the
story is that okay Rocío Flores There she
realizes that they are hiding the
relationship from her and it makes her feel terrible you know And
also everyone is there
realizing it's not like Sorry no or I mean this
of course they have had conversations
afterwards and it hasn't been clear The deal
okay I mean they haven't finished
fixing it this is a fact okay I mean
this is a fact as is Olga doesn't deny it to me
when she writes to me the
next day to independent two other
things don't give this to me well You Olga
but apart from that I don't care that she
denied it apart from that it's very
shameless and very public knowledge that they
both entered they started that day of the
wedding super close and  they fought they
even deleted the photo they took together they
started the day super close taking
pictures of each other with the suit I don't know if it was a
photo of the two of them on the bus and then they
deleted it as the day went on they got into an
argument there but other than that
several people told me that there were problems that there was an incident that they
fought there at the
wedding there at the wedding they argued there at the wedding
something happened Rocío saw something and
Rocío What the
[ __ ] are they doing here and that's how it was guys and she told you on Primicia there's the cable damn your trusted gossip channel and more handsome than now the others come to tell it in a different way Well let's see how Diego tells it come on because they they put it on
social networks and they made us
all participate in their good harmony
on those trips and in those meetings
in some of them they
coincided with Agustín Rocío Flores is
a girl and I think so you have
no doubt a girl who is very very very
smart who is very tall let's say what they
say in my town tall not like that  that
how difficult to deceive her
I would say that Rocío has taken after her
real father if I know both
Rocío Carrasco and Antonio David and I
consider that Antonio David is a smart guy
if not you
can call him anything but
come on stupid you can't call David
Antonio David because no because he is not I got
carried away on the contrary he is a
quite
quite smart person and quite smart that she
catches everything on the fly
and Rocío Flores during that summer
noticed some movements
Can someone look for me what date the wedding was there are
articles in my kids' room Look [ __ ]
Tessa we have an incredible feeling Tersa Let's
see I don't believe you the wedding photo is still
published the rest were stories
Of course but because something happened here I have
an explanation for this tesa sends me
this photo that is still published on
Olga's Instagram okay I have an
app for this but I could be
wrong September my theory because there
was a photo that was full body
that was a story about Rocío Flores and she
deleted that story I don't know
why but Rocío deleted it because you could
see the one before and the one after she deleted that
story that was in the middle okay And
here is my theory  is that Olga does not delete her
publication with Rocío but Rocío Yes
why point number one Olga because she does not
want to entangle her and she is a more mature woman no I
mean to put on that nonsense of Delete
photo and I do not know what and Rocío because she was the one who
posted That is my theory that is why
Rocío does delete publications and Olga does
not but maybe I am wrong
I insist that absolutely
nothing about Olga with Agustín fits her she
asks herself I do not want to I do not want to be wrong they
tell me several times let's
leave it like this several times
Rocío Flores asks Olga
if she has something with Agustín Olga
denies it to her I personally and I already put that
from my own invention this is no longer this is no longer
information this is from my own invention I
think that Olga did not confirm to
Rocío either At that moment because she
herself did not know one thing is that you
can have an affair with someone and another very
different thing Is that you have a relationship let's
go That's how I see it I do not know if I
am wrong but
I think that is normal No if
when you are not sure yet of a
relationship you are not going to go either  telling it to
the four winds and less and less and
less to the daughter of your ex okay Okay up to
here more or less well she denies it
on several occasions and Rocío believes it
because Olga denies it this could be I have
not been able to say the opposite this
could totally really to the daughter of
her ex when it is not yet anything formal
Well a test Hey you can have a
night or an afternoon or a trip that can maybe
the white one with a coke if
each one as they want I'm going to get into trouble man I'm going to get into
trouble because it is a lot of cloth everything
but well but above all the dates are important
in this case Yes the
dates are very important the day It's that
here Diego throws [ __ ] at Olga
man but it's that what Diego does here
in this live yesterday Is that he throws
[ __ ] at Olga with something that is a
lie sincerely that it is a lie
true Listen to what he says September 24 25
September 24 25
Diego says that he places the argument and the fight
the breakup of Olga and Rocío Flores when
we have already seen that it is
September 9 Approximately Maybe it
was  the 23rd but at the latest on
September 25th she continues to deny it until that
date what is happening on that 24th,
September 25th that Olga Moreno had already
done a report Listen to what she
is saying to Olga what she is
saying is that Rocío throughout the
summer was asking Olga Hey
you have something with Agustín It's that I
notice something here I don't know what and that Olga
Always denied it but that when
Olga had already sold the report she
still continued to deny it to Rocío
Flores for the magazine Semana she had already
done a report nobody knew but
Olga kept telling Rocío that she no longer
had anything with Agustín that even having
sold the magazine she continued saying that
Rocío Flores had no longer had anything with
Agustín I can imagine I can
imagine and there yes or I can say it almost
100% that Antonio David as far as I
know he didn't know anything either as far as
I know what Rocío Flores asked
Olga but I don't know it's not and so much
insistence the truth is that it also calls my
attention a little because now she
can do  whatever she wants and more so
at that time when she was no longer
sharing her life with, I do
n't know this version, I don't know where you can
get it from Diego because it's also you know
what happens that these are things that in the end it's
always going to be the word now let's
check the date okay these are
things that it's always going to be the word of
one against the other I mean you're never going to be
able to verify this if Olga were to talk about it
at some point which I highly doubt
Olga would tell you in one way Rocío
in another Antonio David in another and Agustín
in another There's no proof other than
each one's word but the thing is
these dates don't add up for me Look
Diego is telling you that he had already
sold the interview Olga and that he
was still hiding it from Rocío Flores and
when he had already sold the exclusive and that does
n't add up for me Look let's
check the dates September no
So we don't have time we're talking about over
here look here we have the date when
Olga already confirms
her relationship with Agustín through a magazine
September 28th this is where Diego places
the breakup between Olga and Rocío Flores
however let's see the videos
before this time let's see what we see
Look confirmed Olga Moreno is in love and
with a boyfriend I am already tanned my nose was
crooked but tanned here we are
talking about September 18th just as they have
told the story Well it turns out
that a Telecinco collaborator
coincided with her the other day at this
wedding in which they were also that
Rocío Flores was there no and It seems that
Olga was having a good time that night He
told her he told her More or less being
in an atmosphere of trust no and
please don't make it public look I have an
illusion I don't know what And this collaborator
with that Chivas okay here
Olga's relationship with
Agustín is already being confirmed we are talking about an 18th let's
see if we see something of Rocío and Olga maybe I
have smoked a joint eh but I would
swear that we had already been
talking about that breakup before we have said
four months there more or less the same
week
Olga How did she find out about the relationship here a
distancing with Rocío
I don't know
if it has caused that later tesa these
later I would swear that at  I'll
tell you now, maybe I'm wrong, but I
swear that it had already been confirmed before,
man, but I'll tell you now, maybe I'm
wrong and I would swear that before the
exclusive, there was already talk of a
distance between Olga and Rocío
Flores. Why? Well, because it was at the
wedding, Javi, listen, tesa, listen. How did
Rocío find out? Let's see, how have they been talking about
Rocío Santera through the press? I
mean, Rocío found out two
weeks before I did the
magazine at the wedding at the wedding. Thank you,
Olga, damn Teresa, that's great. Eh, okay, they
found out before my daughter, before
my mother at the wedding, they arrived talking,
but they got into an argument. I thought it was appropriate
that she had to find out and that's the
only thing Agustín asked me for
Rocío to find out. So there's a lot of talk about, yes, she
found out through the press. No, me. Well, I
think she hasn't said it.
I'm saying the totals that I've seen, she, I don't
think she, no, no, because it's not like that.
So, this exclusive about Diego,
really, with all my love, eh, it's not to
throw [ __ ] at Diego, but  It's that it
's not, in other words,
Olga is already telling us two weeks before releasing
the magazine at the wedding it's at
Diego Arrabal's wedding October 2nd this would be
later no I don't know eh I don't know but it's
what I always tell you eh We have to
take a little bit from each from each place to
see what he sends me on September 30th
this is published the cover Yes, okay he
places it a little bit earlier he places it a little bit
earlier But anyway I don't agree
with that information it's worth it in some
things in some things okay
what a strong guy fired from this Javi
the next one you see will be another okay
kisses family that they give you that they give you